
1.	Give four reasons why a cloud machine is better than a laptop for data science work at scale.
    a. Easier to collaborate with multiple users
    b. The computer scale(CPU, RAM, GPU) can be changed on demand (changing instance types micro, macro, etc.)
    c. Cost-efficient since payment based on usage time
    d. Backups in the cloud optimizes personal computer memory use
2.	List out the stages in the data science process and define each (in 1 sentence)
    a. Question Definition: The objective that we're tryng to find the answers to
    b. Data Collection: Obtaining data to work with to answer our question
    c. Data Annotation: Applying features generated by expert annotation, crowd sourced annotation, or automated annotation that will be used for analysis 
    d. Data Analysis: Creation of statistical models and visualiziations using existing methods to make sense of quantitative data
    e. Interpretation: Translating technical results of the data analysis process into business insights
    f. Communication: Presenting insights and recommendations with the help of visual aids to both technical & non-technical audience 
3.	What is the difference between data analytics and data science?
    Data Analytics: Uses existing methods to examine the issue at hand. Identifies trends, creates reports
    Data Science: Examines a question that either hasn't been examined before or examines an existing question with new methods. Since methods are new and developed along the way, one or more data science project phases are messy. 
4.	Give an example of how a loop can occur in the data science process.
    A loop can occur at any stage of a data science project. Let's assume we're trying to find the number of people on a student campus that like pizza to potentially open a pizza restaurant. Upon data collection and relative analysis, we realize maybe the question definition should be what kind of restaurant should be opened in campus. Then we go back to question definition phase and change the question, change our data collection method with relative polls instead. This optimization forces us to loop back to previous data science project phases. 
